Post for 1/2021 (#17)
SUGCH/sugch.github.io: _posts/2021-02-02-SUGCH-2021-1.md

## Presentations

### Marketing Automation Building Blocks

Our guests [Rashmy Patwari](https://twitter.com/nrashmy) and [Ozell McBride](https://twitter.com/omcbri1), both from the United States, showed us the building blocks involved in creating a Marketing Automation campaign.  

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Let&#39;s learn all about Marketing Automation Building Blocks by <a href="https://twitter.com/nrashmy?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@nrashmy</a> and <a href="https://twitter.com/omcbri1?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@omcbri1</a> <a href="https://t.co/CReYuDwW1c">pic.twitter.com/CReYuDwW1c</a></p>&mdash; SUG CH (@sugch) <a href="https://twitter.com/sugch/status/1356620556217552896?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">February 2, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

> In the first part of the presentation, Ozell covered importing XDB Contacts from CSV into Contact Lists and gave a quick introduction to Sitecore Forms and its Submit Actions. Rashmi then took over and showed us how to create an Engagement Plan that send e-mails through EXM and created lists based on goals all in all covering several building blocks of the Sitecore Experience Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the first part of the presentation, Ozell covered importing xDB contacts from CSV into a contact list in the List Manager and gave a quick introduction to Sitecore Forms and its Submit Actions. Rashmi then took over and showed us how to create a Marketing Automation plan that sends e-mails through EXM and creates a list based on a triggered goal. All in all covering several building blocks of the Sitecore Experience Platform.
```

Reviewer: Thanks! Super fast and to the point. Just minor suggestions regarding the product names. :)
